FFL-908 Implement Flags OpenFeature provider for React Native (#1106)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: packages/react-native-openfeature/README.md

# Datadog OpenFeature Provider for React Native

Use [OpenFeature][1] with [Datadog Feature Flags][2] to evaluate feature flags and send flag evaluation data to Datadog for monitoring analysis and experimentation.

This package provides an OpenFeature-compatible provider that wraps Datadog's Feature Flags SDK.

## What is OpenFeature?

> OpenFeature is a vendor-neutral, community-driven specification and SDK for feature flagging. It provides a unified API for feature flag evaluation that works across different providers, making it easy to switch vendors or integrate multiple feature flag systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenFeature is a vendor-neutral, community-driven specification and SDK for feature flagging. It provides a unified API for feature flag evaluation that works across different providers, so you can switch vendors or integrate multiple feature flag systems.
```

Reviewer: Per the documentation [content guidelines](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#content)

## Setup

**Note**: This package is an integration for the [OpenFeature React SDK][1]. Before using it, install and set up the core [`mobile-react-native`][3] SDK.

To install with NPM, run:

```sh
npm install @datadog/mobile-react-native @datadog/mobile-react-native-openfeature @openfeature/react-sdk
```

To install with Yarn, run:

```sh
yarn add @datadog/mobile-react-native @datadog/mobile-react-native-openfeature @openfeature/react-sdk
```

## Usage

### Initialize the Datadog SDK and OpenFeature

> Initialize the Datadog SDK, enable the Feature Flags feature, and set up the OpenFeature provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the example code snippet below to initialize the Datadog SDK, enable the Feature Flags feature, and set up the OpenFeature provider.
```

After completing this setup, your app should be ready for flag evaluation with OpenFeature.

```tsx
import { CoreConfiguration, DatadogProvider, DdFlags } from '@datadog/mobile-react-native';
import { DatadogOpenFeatureProvider } from '@datadog/mobile-react-native-openfeature';
import { OpenFeature } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

(async () => {
    // Follow the core Datadog SDK initialization guide.
    const config = new CoreConfiguration(
        // ...
    );
    await DdSdkReactNative.initialize(config);

    // Enable Datadog Flags feature after the core SDK has been initialized.
    await DdFlags.enable();

    // Set the Datadog provider with OpenFeature.
    const provider = new DatadogOpenFeatureProvider();
    OpenFeature.setProvider(provider);
})();

// Or, if using `<DatadogProvider />` for core SDK initialization.

<DatadogProvider
    configuration={coreConfiguration}
    onInitialized={async () => {
        await DdFlags.enable();

        const provider = new DatadogOpenFeatureProvider();
        OpenFeature.setProvider(provider);
    }}
>
    {/* ... */}
</DatadogProvider>
```

> > **Note**: sending flag evaluation data to Datadog is automatically enabled when using the Feature Flags SDK. Provide `rumIntegrationEnabled` and `trackExposures` parameters to the `DdFlags.enable()` call to configure this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Sending flag evaluation data to Datadog is automatically enabled when using the Feature Flags SDK. Provide `rumIntegrationEnabled` and `trackExposures` parameters to the `DdFlags.enable()` call to configure this.
```

### Using the OpenFeature React SDK

For complete details on using the OpenFeature React SDK, including flag evaluation, evaluation context management, and advanced setup options, see the OpenFeature React SDK [documentation][1].

Short-form OpenFeature SDK usage example:

```tsx
import { OpenFeature, OpenFeatureProvider, useFlag } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function AppWithProviders() {
    // For advanced feature flag targeting based on current user or device.
    useEffect(() => {
        const user = { ... }; // Obtained from your authentication logic.

        OpenFeature.setContext({

>             // User or anonymous id for consistent feature flag evaluations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // User or anonymous ID for consistent feature flag evaluations.
```
